README.md, before:

# Note-Taker
A web application tool that makes and saves notes for the user.

## Description


I have made many notes on my computer and on my phone in my life. So many that when I get a new phone, getting a note taking app is essential. 

Making a note taker application with a front end and a backend is practice in connecting front end HTML with backend JavaScript, where the backend is taking GET and POST requests and displaying the new data to the user. Not only is it a useful learning experience for working with routes, databases, and connecting them to the front end, it is effectively a digital notebook.


## Installation
Run the command `npm i` to install dependencies.

## Usage

Run the command `npm start` to run the server. In the case that it is your local server, navigate to http://localhost:3001. From there, you are able to use the application. 

Screenshots are in the assets folder.
=
    `
    ![alt text](assets/images/homepage.png)
    ![alt text](assets/images/note-taking.png)

Commit message:

added heroku app link to readme

README.md, after:

# Note-Taker
A web application tool that makes and saves notes for the user.

## Description


I have made many notes on my computer and on my phone in my life. So many that when I get a new phone, getting a note taking app is essential. 

Making a note taker application with a front end and a backend is practice in connecting front end HTML with backend JavaScript, where the backend is taking GET and POST requests and displaying the new data to the user. Not only is it a useful learning experience for working with routes, databases, and connecting them to the front end, it is effectively a digital notebook.


## Installation
Run the command `npm i` to install dependencies.

## Usage

Run the command `npm start` to run the server. In the case that it is your local server, navigate to http://localhost:3001. From there, you are able to use the application. 


The application is also deployed to heroku and can be accessed here:
https://blooming-coast-97300.herokuapp.com/ 

Screenshots are in the assets folder.
=
    `
    ![alt text](assets/images/homepage.png)
    ![alt text](assets/images/note-taking.png)
